---
title: "Some Things I Learned June 30 - July 6, 2024"
date: 2024-07-08 06:00:00
layout: post-a
comments: true
---



1. I am convinced that I subconsciously carry unprocessed mental remnants of my past, and that there are plenty of physical artifacts that attend those. So, when encountering something that seems out of place, or strange, I ask myself, "Does this suit a current purpose?" If so, find a place for it. If not, consider whether this thing is the only remnant that can satisfy its purpose. If so, find a place for it. Otherwise, if it's fungible or not currently needed, donate it or trash it.
2. I miscalculated an experience from my middle school years. It was about the limits of being prepared for an event. I got a detention for forgetting to bring my homework to the classroom, despite a request to run to my locker to retrieve it. From that point, I pledged to never come to any event unprepared. I accept that it is both impossible and unnecessary to be prepared for EVERY possible outcome. Considering every possible outcome is a waste of mental resources and precious time.
3. Another miscalculation from my early teens was about the limits of spending money on frivolous things. As a kid, I would spend any money that I had, as soon as I got it. There was an attempt to help me see that I didn't NEED to spend money on certain things (i.e. food, snacks, video games), because those things were already being provided. I instead interpreted that nearly every expenditure was frivolous and should be avoided, ESPECIALLY if the expense was high. I became very willing to learn to fix things myself, and buying the least expensive potential solution. Yet, often those potential solutions either did not work or they needed to be repeated regularly, costing far more in the long run. Instead, I will focus on solving the problem fully and completely, and paying what is fair and reasonable for the full solution.
4. I have found that my problematic thoughts and feelings are often related to an unresolved conundrum (or even, paradox) in my mind. A personal attempt to resolve or forgive the conundrum is best started by trying to think of the very first time I can remember being troubled by that thought or feeling. Consider what was happening around that earliest memory, then forgive everyone involved (especially myself) and pledge to do and be better.
5. John Prine said that the secret to a long, happy relationship is to stay vulnerable. I think I have a lot of potential to become more vulnerable. I miscalculated some early advice about how to relate to other people, and accepting teasing and light criticism is a weak area.